<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 901 The Seventh Legion comes for reinforcements&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leotychides showed a rare smile at this moment and asked: "How is the situation in the military camp today?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Since capturing Selinus, Leotychides has temporarily assumed the responsibility of managing the entire city (although most of the people in Selinus have been escorted to Catanai), and naturally there are not many He devoted his time and energy to the army, so he usually asked Chalcedis to manage the military camp for him. So far, no major mistakes have occurred.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Everything is going well. The defeat of the navy did not affect the morale of the brothers. On the contrary, they hope that your Lord will allow them to raid the enemy camp again and achieve several more military exploits." Chalcedis replied.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leotychides shook his head lightly: "The Carthaginians have already been fooled once. The same strategy will hardly work again, but I am prepared to conduct a major military operation..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this point, he looked at Chalcedis.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chalcides stood with a steady expression and did not show any eagerness.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leotychides praised in his heart, with the same indifferent expression on his face: "Now the Carthaginians have divided their army into four parts, one part is besieging Selinus, one part is attacking Minoa, and the other part is attacking Enna , and some are attacking Jela, the situation is very serious. If you were me, what would you do at this time? "&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   For senior team officers like Chalcedis, the information obtained by spies and clippers is generally open to them, so Chalcedis has a better understanding of the current battlefield situation and has his own thoughts, so he thought Thinking, he said: "The Carthaginian army is far more numerous than us, but since they are spreading their attacks, we can use the advantages of the sea to defeat them one by one."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Destroy each one...well..." Leotychides asked again calmly: "Where do you think we should start?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Gela." Chalcedis said without hesitation: "The Carthaginian army there is said to be not that large in strength, and it is alone and deep in the sea. It is also close to the coast. It is the best target for attack!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leotychides nodded: "You and I want to go together. I am going to lead the Eighth Legion and the 4th Cavalry Legion to Gela by boat to defeat this Carthaginian army as soon as possible. After I leave , you will lead 5,000 legion reserve soldiers to stay here."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chalcides did not respond immediately, but showed hesitation, which surprised Leotyzides who knew him well.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After a moment, Chalcedis resolutely said: "Commander, 5,000 soldiers are too many, 3,000 are enough. In this way, sir, you will have more soldiers to defeat the Carthaginian army. I am confident that we can hold on." Until you lead your team to victory and return!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leotychides looked slightly stunned. He sat on a wooden chair and looked directly at Chalsidis for a while. Then he stood up, walked to him, stretched out his hand and patted his shoulder: "I After leading the army to leave Selinus for the first time, not only to defeat the Carthaginian army in Gela, I am afraid that we will not come back for a long time, and Selinus is very important to us, so we must try our best. Guard it, that's why I have left so many soldiers for you, and you don't have to worry about the small number of troops I lead. When we get to the east, I will have plenty of soldiers to use."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After hearing this, Chalcedis immediately said solemnly: "Commander, please rest assured, as long as I am here, the city of Selinus is here, and I will definitely defend Selinus to the death!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leotychides twitched his face, and his tone was rare and gentle: "If you really can't hold on, you don't need to hold on. There is a navy fleet at the port to bring the soldiers home safely. This war will be very long. , we will have the opportunity to take Selinus back in the future..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Cartanae's fleet arrived at the port of Selinus. Leotyzides led his army to prepare to board the ship, and happened to encounter a messenger sent by Minoa to ask for help.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   It turned out that after Bomilcar led the Carthaginian army to the territory of Minoa and set up camp, he began to attack the city of Minoa. Unlike Monte Adeno, Pomircar personally went to the front line to supervise the siege. Coupled with the iron-blooded command from the generals of the Iberian army, the soldiers did not dare to slack off and attacked fiercely, which brought great harm to the Minoan defenders. pressure.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, Leotychides had no good solution after receiving the news. He could only comfort the Minoans and insist on holding on for a while, and he would lead his army to rescue them as soon as possible.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Under the escort of the Sicilian fleet, the fleet of Leotychides' army successfully entered the port of Gela.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At the same time, the commander of the Seventh Army, Brelu, who was at Camp Locri, received an order from the Ministry of Military Affairs: The Seventh Army will go to Catanay today. Urgent!&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "It's finally our turn!" Brelu's strong body jumped up from the seat and shouted excitedly to the adjutant: "Send someone quickly to inform Chief Lokli and ask them to prepare for the expedition. Also Have...notified all the brigades of this news and asked them to recall the soldiers who were out immediately!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Yes, legion commander!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Not long after, there were continuous cheers in the military camp.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Breleu smiled after hearing this.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Brelu was once the leader of Bruti in the city of Bisignia. Later Bisignia was merged into Theonia. He became a senator, but he did not engage in government affairs like Baguilipi, but chose to join Theonia. Nia Legion. During the South Italian War, he was the first captain of the Fourth Legion. As a result, he was captured by Dionysius along with the legion commander Dracos. Dracos was killed, but he was imprisoned because of his status as the former leader of Bruti. and was eventually rescued. As the only senior officer of the Theonian Legion who was captured by the Syracuseans in the South Italian War and survived, he regarded this as the greatest shame and always fought bravely in the subsequent wars. Due to his merits, he was promoted to commander of the Seventh Legion.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In this war, other legions have participated in the war, but the Seventh Legion has remained idle so far. Brelu has written to the Ministry of Military Affairs many times complaining about injustice. Not long ago, the Ministry of Military Affairs sent a message saying that the Carthaginian army had landed in Sicily again, reminding him to prepare in advance.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Brelu began to issue summoning orders for the Seventh Army to the surrounding towns. Now the Seventh Army in the military camp is fully staffed. The soldiers have high morale and are waiting to go into battle to kill the enemy and make meritorious deeds.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But soon, the reply from the Locri City Hall poured cold water on Breluxian, because there were not enough passenger ships to transport troops in the Locri port for the time being, and it would take another day or two to make preparations.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Brelu was frustrated.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, the adjutant reminded: "There is no ship in Locke, but there is also Lijim!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Brelu's eyes lit up: In the past, the soldiers of the Seventh Legion came from Locri, Hibernian and Colonia, but after Lijim and his son Bontaurina were completely integrated into the kingdom last year, these two cities were also The Ministry of Military Affairs included the Seventh Army's troop source area, but because the relationship had not been straightened out and the war broke out, the Seventh Army had not yet issued a notice asking the military training officers of Lijim and Taurina to arrange for their citizens to go to Lokli. The military camp participated in rotation training. Although there are currently no Lijim citizens in the Seventh Army, Lijim, as a port city guarding the Strait of Messina, has many ships, which can completely help transport troops.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Brelu immediately said: "Send a messenger to Lijim as soon as possible and ask for their support!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The next day, Lijim responded to the Seventh Legion's request, and nearly two hundred passenger ships sailed into the port of Locri at dusk.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Early on the morning of the third day, Brelu led the 7th Army of more than 8,000 people to leave the military camp and enter the city of Locri. The people of Locri gathered on both sides of the street to say goodbye to their relatives. Different from the people in other cities in the kingdom who saw off the army, they rarely shouted, were not overly excited, and did not rush into the streets to hinder the march. Instead, they stood by the streets in an orderly manner and kept waving. .&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Although after joining the Kingdom of Theonia, Locri no longer implemented the cruel laws enacted by Zaleukus, and no more disabled people appeared in more than 10 years, the citizens of this city have integrated restraint and obedience. In his own blood, this also allowed Locri, who was originally an enemy of Theonia, to hardly cause any trouble to King Davos and the Senate after merging into the kingdom. Of course, the Locri citizens who believe in Persephone and pay attention to the rule of law are also an important reason why they easily identify with the Kingdom of Theonia.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Before entering the port, the army also passed by Lockley's shipbuilding workshop: seven or eight large dry docks were lined up on the beach, and many shipwrights were building triremes inside; Stacks of thick tree trunks were cut down, and from time to time there were teams of horse-drawn carriages carrying trees into the workshop; in many temporary wooden sheds, carpenters were constantly processing rough tree trunks into pieces. Straight and smooth ship plates... People in the entire workshop are focused on the work at hand, and few people are distracted to watch the Seventh Legion passing by here.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   This lively and orderly shipbuilding scene is not only found in Locri, but also in other seaside towns with shipbuilding capabilities, such as: Thurii, Crotone, Trina, Siliting, Lijim, Tower Lantum, Catanai, Naxos... the entire Theonian Kingdom is making every effort to build more warships as soon as possible in order to continue to gain maritime superiority in the war with Carthage.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In the morning, the fleet carrying the soldiers of the Seventh Legion left the port of Locri and sailed to Catanai on the eastern coast of Sicily.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Although Midorades was very excited after receiving the order from King Davos, he did not immediately lead the fleet to invade Corsica because he targeted Aleni as his first target. Compared with the small village-like strongholds of the Phoenicians scattered across Corsica, Alenia, as the only Phoenician town in Corsica, has small but fertile agricultural land and rich mining industries. And a larger port, no doubt let Midorades hang down three feet.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;"/>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
