<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 912 Katanai Military Conference (2)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In the Battle of Minoa, except for the Holy Corps of Carthage, which caused us some trouble, the other Carthaginian troops were simply vulnerable, especially the army composed of Numibians, which had very low morale. A charge of our heavy infantry can cause them to retreat, so our army can easily invade the west and force the Carthaginians to huddle in various cities for a long time, never daring to go out of the city to fight. During this time we found no opportunity to engage the Iberian troops who had been garrisoned at Palermos.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After Carthage sent a large army to land in Sicily for the second time, the situation changed. First of all, the commander-in-chief of Carthage was appointed by Mago, the governor of Iberia. He had fought in Iberia for a long time and had rich battlefield experience. Based on all aspects of intelligence, this Mago brought more than 20,000 Iberian soldiers from Iberia. Together with the 20,000 Iberian soldiers in Palermos, there were more than 40,000 Iberian soldiers on Sicily. Leah soldiers, most of whom are Carthage mercenaries, have been fighting with Mago in Iberia for a long time, and their combat effectiveness is very strong.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In Gela, I led the Eighth Army, the 4th Cavalry Army, and troops from friendly countries to fight against the Iberian army. The numbers of both sides were about the same. The Eighth Army attacked the Iberian heavy infantry, and even There was also the 4th Cavalry Corps assisting the attack from the flank, but the opponent always defended tenaciously and never retreated..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Oh?!" When Brelu heard this, he sat up straight with a look of surprise on his face. Although the Eighth Army was ranked behind the Seventh Army, the Eighth Army had pacified the West Kel area a few years ago. They had previously defeated the Holy Legion, which the Carthaginians called the "strongest heavy infantry" in Minoa. In fact, they had more combat experience than the Seventh Legion, which had not fought in recent years. Although Brelu did not admit it on the surface, it was Deep down, he felt that the Eighth Army's combat effectiveness might be a little stronger than that of the Seventh Army, but now a heavy infantry army from Iberia could actually remain undefeated in the joint attack of the Eighth Army and the Cavalry Army. This really made him Surprised.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Many of this Carthaginian army may be indigenous warriors from the Iberian Peninsula. They are tall, fierce in attack, and able to obey discipline. The most noteworthy thing is - they all hold a long shield in one hand and a sword in the other. Holding short swords similar to those of our legionnaires, they defeated the phalanx composed of Gela and Camanlina heavy infantry from the front, which ultimately led to my defeat in Gela..." Leotychides in When he mentioned this matter, his expression and tone did not change much, as if he was talking about something that happened to someone else.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   However, not only Brelu, but also Seclian and Sipulos were surprised in the conference room.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "It seems that the combat effectiveness of the heavy infantry in the Carthaginian army from Iberia is not weaker than that of our legionnaires!" Sipulos couldn't help but said. Like Seclian, he only had a rough understanding of Leo. I haven't had time to understand in detail the process of Tizides' defeat in the Battle of Jela. Suddenly hearing the details, I can't help but feel uneasy.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Not only the heavy infantry, but the light infantry of Carthage's Iberian army was also weak. During the battle, they had thousands of slingers who may have come from the Balearic Islands, and the lead pellets they threw were accurate and hard. , not weaker than the slingers in the light infantry brigade of our First Legion, and caused a lot of casualties to the light infantry brigade of the Eighth Legion. They also had hundreds of harpooneers composed of Iberian natives, throwing The javelin is not only heavy, but also has a hook. Once it is hit, it is difficult to pull out. The wound caused is very large, which will cause a lot of bleeding and death. The medical camp has no good solution for this." said At this point, Leotychides' tone became slightly lower.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "It seems that only the cavalry, we Theonia can be stronger than -" After hearing what Leotychides said, Seclian couldn't help but sigh, but he didn't want to hear a cough next to him.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   He turned to look at the embarrassed commander of the Fourth Cavalry Regiment, Acethemis, and suddenly remembered that Carthage occupied the Numibian region, and there were many Numibian cavalry in the army. He recalled that during the South Italian War, The Central Numibian cavalry caused a big loss to the Theonian cavalry.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Sure enough, Leotychides continued: "Maybe because this Carthaginian army had to pass through the mountains and raid the rear, it did not let the cavalry accompany it, but the intelligence showed that among the Carthaginian troops who landed in Sicily, there were 6 or 7 thousand cavalry, mostly Numibian cavalry, as well as some Carthaginian cavalry, Mauretanian cavalry, and Iberian cavalry, which exceeds the combined number of our four major cavalry legions."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "The Carthaginian army from Iberia, its heavy infantry and light infantry are not weaker than our legionnaires, and the cavalry is slightly stronger than us. It seems that this is our strong enemy!" Brelu's face was solemn, in the past During his legionary career, he fought against the armies of Syracuse, the armies of Messape, and Pucetti. The armies of these city-states and races always had shortcomings of one kind or another, which made him always have a crush on Dionysus. The runner-up army was proud of its strength. This was the first time he heard that there was an army that was not weaker than the Theonian army in all aspects. While feeling uneasy, he also felt a little excited in his heart.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   He asked cautiously: "Except for the army from Iberia, what is the combat effectiveness of the other Carthaginian armies?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "According to intelligence, in addition to more than 40,000 soldiers from Iberia, the enemy troops that landed in Sicily this time also included about 60,000 soldiers from the basic city of Carthage, the Phoenician allies in Africa, and Numibia. Among them, the Numibians are the largest. After the Carthaginian army surrounded the city of Selinus, I asked the army to take the initiative and conducted a night attack on the Carthaginian army, which was successful. According to the reports of the returning soldiers, Many of the enemies they killed were Numibian soldiers. After being attacked, these Numibians could not organize an effective defense, and most of them just ran away..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When Leotychides said this, he saw that the expressions on the faces of the other people became much more relaxed, and then continued: "Then this army was sent to attack Minoa. We all know that the Carthaginian army I had attacked the city of Minoa before but failed to make progress, which led me to lead my army to rescue. But this time the Minoa people clearly felt the pressure. They frequently sent envoys to me for help, and In the end, I had to evacuate from the city of Minoa...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   I asked the people who fled Minoa, and they said that the dark-skinned Numibians attacked the city wall as if they were desperate, repelling one wave, and soon another wave came up, constantly consuming their little energy. The strength of the defenders led to the final failure of the defense... It can be seen that the combat effectiveness of this army is not weak. From the defeat of the night attack to the capture of Minoa, these were completely like two armies. I guess that Mago must have done something during this period of time to improve their morale..." Leotychides analyzed calmly.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "100,000 people! 100,000 soldiers with strong combat effectiveness!" Brelu couldn't help but sigh.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "This time Carthage's army is more than 100,000." Seclian interjected: "When I was at the port of Lilibi, I once inquired privately that there were more than 10,000 soldiers in Lilibi, and like Phoenician city-states such as Mazara, Elyx, and Palermus had thousands of citizen soldiers. If they were all gathered together, the number of Carthage's troops would far exceed 100,000."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Sipulos took a deep breath, touched his chin, pondered for a while, and said: "Such a huge army must also require a huge supply of military rations."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Lord Sipulos, you hit the key to the problem with this sentence!" Seclian praised, then pointed to the map of Sicily placed in the center of the wooden table where everyone was sitting, and said loudly: "So we must defend the city. Linus, as long as we have it, our fleet can frequently attack the western seas, attack their merchant ships and cargo ships, cut off Carthage's route to western Sicily, and make the Carthage army's food supply difficult. I can even send fleet infantry to land and attack the rear of the Carthage army... After all, judging from the current situation, compared with the army, our navy has a greater advantage against Carthage."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Seclian looked at Leotychides and said confidently: "Although the Carthaginian navy is equal to ours in terms of courage and ship maneuvering ability, and is more familiar with the sea conditions in the western sea than we are, they still use traditional It is impossible to change the naval tactics in a short period of time. As long as the warships of the Sicilian fleet return to their previous number, I can even blockade the port of Carthage!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Sipulos reminded helplessly: "The Senate has passed a resolution on this matter. All the port cities in the kingdom are manufacturing warships. However, time is too short and we cannot yet manufacture hundreds of warships to satisfy you." requirements."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "But there is one thing you can help with." Seclian said seriously: "Right now, the naval base in Catania is docked with twenty warships captured by Flarios in the sea of &#226;&#128;&#139;&#226;&#128;&#139;&#226;&#128;&#139;&#226;&#128;&#139;Cerodiam. Ships, as well as the thirty warships I captured on the south coast this time, as long as they are repaired and refitted, some of them can be incorporated into our fleet and go to sea to fight. In this way, the battle of the Sicilian fleet will be We can reach six or seventy ships in a short period of time, and we can continue to maintain the advantage over the Carthaginian navy. Therefore, I need you, Sir Sipulos, to temporarily gather the shipwrights from several cities in Sicily to the naval base. , help us refit these Phoenician warships as soon as possible!" This time, Seclian spoke sincerely.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;"/>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
