<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 909 Adding insult to injury&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Yes!" Muklu commanded the messengers to rush everywhere, shouting loudly to the retreating legionnaires.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   And Leotychides has already led the guards towards the north gate. He needs to return to the city first and quickly and best arrange with the Gera people to respond to the broken troops and defend the enemy from taking advantage of the chaos to attack the city.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The flag bearer in the guard held the legion's flag high and fluttered in the wind. It pointed the direction for the retreating Eighth Legion soldiers.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The enemy's defeat seemed to inject vitality into Hasdroba's tired body. He followed the Lusitanian warriors to hunt down the fleeing enemies.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, the Lusitanians' ability to run was fully utilized, and the heavy armor of the Greek heavy infantry allowed them to be easily overtaken by the enemy.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Hasdrubal led the soldiers to kill all the way, and in the end everyone turned into a bloody man.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When they pursued them to the bottom of the city and tried to take the opportunity to attack the city, javelins and arrows poured down from the top of the city, causing many casualties to them who were unprepared.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Hasdrubal saw many black-helmeted and black-armored defenders on the top of the city. He did not dare to continue attacking the broken troops crowded under the city. Instead, he turned around and chased the broken troops in other directions...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   It was not until dusk that the Carthaginian army withdrew its troops and returned to camp.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In this battle, the 4th Theonian Cavalry Corps lost half of its cavalry, and the 8th Corps suffered about 1,300 casualties, of which more than half of the light armor and light infantry brigade were lost. The Jela Army suffered more than 2,000 casualties. The casualties were the highest. Of the 3,000 soldiers who originally went to battle, only more than 300 fled back. The entire coalition suffered nearly 7,000 casualties. The Carthaginian army suffered more than 2,000 casualties, among which the Balearic slingers suffered the most casualties, more than half.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Due to the retreat of the Theonia coalition, most of the injured coalition soldiers failed to escape.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The battle of Gela severely damaged the citizen soldiers of Gela and Camanlina, making the troops that Leotyzides could command even more stretched. More importantly, "the Carthaginians defeated Dio, who had been winning consecutive battles before. The news of the "Nian Army" was like a stone thrown into Sicily's seemingly calm political situation, causing ripples in some city-states.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After the Battle of Gela, despite repeated calls for help from the Minoans, Leotychides continued to stay at Gela, resting his troops while resisting the Carthaginian siege. As the number of troops under his command became smaller and smaller, he was even more unwilling to dismantle them and station them in various city-states, otherwise they would only be eaten one by one by the Carthaginian army. Moreover, compared to Minoa, he believed that Gera strategic location is even more important.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Of course, he could not just sit back and ignore Minoa, so he sent a messenger, together with the Minoian messenger, to Pacinus to ask for help.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   On the fourth day after the Battle of Gela, the Sicilian Governor Sipulos in Catanai received an urgent report from Serofennis, the head of the kingdom's intelligence department in Sicily: a military mobilization was underway in the city of Syracuse, and its motive was unknown. .&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   For the sake of caution, Sipulus immediately sent a messenger to notify the Seventh Legion, which had arrived at Catanai and was ordered to go to Hena, so that it could rush back quickly and garrison the new military camp near Leotini to prevent accidents.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But the accident still happened. Pacinus promised to rescue Minoa and sent 3,000 reinforcements. Shortly after leaving the port by ship, he suddenly encountered Syracuse's fleet.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In recent years, the eastern waters of Sicily have been dominated by the Theonian Second Fleet. The Syracuse Navy, which once dominated Sicily, has long lost its glory and has shrunk into a fleet of only 30 three-tier warships and a total of 50 warships. The small fleet, which usually only patrols the sea near its own city-state, suddenly appeared on the sea near Pachinus and launched an attack on the troop transport fleet.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Since the Theonian Sicilian fleet has been stationed in Selinus during this period, it was alerting the western seas and concerned about the war in Selinus, and did not send any warships to escort it. Of course, the Pacinos did not make any demands to Catanai. After all, it is far away from the battlefield, the nearby sea has always been safe, has close relations with Theonia, and is in harmony with its neighbor Syracuse. They believe that from now on It should be safe to sail from your own city-state to Minoa. Therefore, the Pacinus people only sent their city-state's only five three-layer oar warships to escort them, as a symbolic show.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   As a result, after being suddenly attacked by the Syracuse fleet, the Pacinus warships resisted tenaciously, but were outnumbered. Except for four troop transports, which escaped back to the port, all the others were sunk.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At the same time, Syracuse sent an army of 12,000 men. Instead of marching north to attack Taunis, which was very close to it, Syracuse turned around and headed south, quickly rushing to Camanlina to attack the outside world. The claim was "to help the Camanlinans to resist the invasion of the Carthaginians."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After the people of Camanlina rejected the request of the Syracuse army to enter the city, the Syracuse army immediately changed their attitude and surrounded the city of Camanlina. While preparing to attack the city, they sent envoys into the city to threaten Camanlina. Naren: Syracuse has already formed an alliance with Carthage. It can either re-affiliate to Syracuse so that it can be protected when the Carthage army arrives; or choose to refuse and Syracuse will attack the city and after the city is defeated , the people in the city will be handed over to the Carthaginians.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Since Camanlina has sent most of its citizen soldiers to assist Gela, there are only more than 500 Camanlina citizen soldiers who can fight in the city at this time. Time to consider.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Syracuse envoy was so arrogant that he only gave him one day.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After the envoy returned, the Syracuse army not only immediately blocked the road from Camanlina to Gela, but also the Syracuse warships blocked its port.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, the Carthaginian army that had won the battle had moved its camp eastward and intensified the siege of the city of Gela, so Leotychides was busy dealing with the Carthaginian siege and attacking Carman. Nothing was known about what happened to Lina.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Half a day later, a Theonian merchant ship ventured into the port and brought news: the Syracuse fleet attacked the troop transport fleet of Pacinus and blocked the ports of Pacinus and Camanlina.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When Leotychides found out, he was shocked: Syracuse finally joined the war!&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The addition of Syracuse will undoubtedly worsen Theonia's predicament in Sicily, especially on the south coast. The Theonia coalition is not only more disadvantaged in terms of numbers, but also falls into a dangerous situation of being attacked from both sides in terms of strategic situation. .&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Even if Leotychides wanted to reinforce Camanlina, he was unable to do anything for a while. The Carthaginian army was threatening him by land, and the Syracuse fleet was blocking his way by sea. Without fleet escort, I am afraid that the fleet will not even be able to enter the port of Camanlina, so it will feed the fish and shrimps.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leoticides sent the Theonian clipper docked in the port of Gela, and immediately rushed to notify Seclian in Selinus.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   One day later, the confused Camanlina people saw the dark Syracuse soldiers carrying ladders and pushing tall siege equipment at the city wall, approaching the city wall. They were frightened and feared that they would be attacked by Agora. The people of Camanlina finally chose to surrender after the tragic experience of Rizhento.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   More than 10 years later, due to the strength of the Kingdom of Theonia and the long-term friendly exchanges with the Camanlina people, there are almost no pro-Syracuse citizens in the city of Camanlina, making Syracuse who captured the city The people of Syracuse were unable to establish a government close to them for the time being. In order to prevent rebellion, they demanded that the Camanlinans hand over many protons and at the same time allow 3,000 Syracuse soldiers to garrison the city, euphemistically calling it "Once in Carthage" The arrival of the Ki army can effectively prevent its destruction of Kamanlina.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In addition, the Syracusans also requested that the remaining 500 Camanlina soldiers be transferred to join the Syracuse army for coordinated operations.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The people of Kamanlina, now a man for the sword and me for the fish, finally agreed to these conditions.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After the Syracuse army gained the attachment of Camanlina, they did not lead their army westward to join the Carthaginian army that was besieging Gela. Instead, they entered the city of Camanlina, leaving 3,000 soldiers to garrison. The rest of the soldiers arrived by boat and landed near the coast of Pacinus. They immediately surrounded the city of Pacinus and sent envoys into the city, asking it to surrender to Syracuse.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Syracuse envoy threatened: If Pachinus refuses this request, Syracuse will not only immediately execute the more than 2,000 citizens of Pachinus (the Syracuse fleet sank the Pacchinus troop transport After the team, they did not leave, but rescued the citizens of Pachinus who fell into the water and captured them), and then led the army to attack the city of Pachinus. After the city was broken, all the people in the city would be sold. To the Carthaginians, as slaves.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The threat of Syracuse frightened the people of Pachinus. Their city was surrounded by the Syracuse army, and the port was blocked by Syracuse warships. The people looked at the thousands of people below the city with tearful eyes. With their relatives kneeling and tied to the ground, looking tired and haggard, the panic-stricken Pacinos held an emergency citizens' meeting and quickly reached a unanimous opinion. This had been going on before the Theonians entered Sicily. Pachinus, a city-state affiliated with Syracuse, was once again attached to Syracuse.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Within a few days, Syracuse successively included Pacinus and Camanlina into its alliance. In a blink of an eye, the entire southeastern corner of Sicily once again became the sphere of influence of Syracuse. It has always been a dream Citizens rejoiced as they relived the glory of Syracuse.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenes, the chief general of Syracuse, who proposed this plan and vigorously implemented it despite the opposition of his colleagues, was highly praised by the people, and his reputation greatly increased for a while.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But at the same time, some people expressed dissatisfaction with Theagenis' approach. For example, the general Sictas publicly questioned: "Just to obtain two small city-states, Syracuse took great risks to anger Powerful Theonia, this is very dangerous! Theagenis, don't forget that the Carthaginians are far away in Africa, and our Syracuse is right next to Theonia!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;"/>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
