<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 894 The Battle of Germain (1)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Don't panic, Lord Seclian is here!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "With Lord Seclian here, we are not afraid of any enemy!"...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At the same time, there were also noisy discussions on the deck. These legion reserve soldiers from various towns in the Sicilian territory of Theonia certainly knew the reputation of Seclian, but they were far from being treated like the crewmen of Theonia. respect.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   A man wearing leather armor and a leather helmet quickly walked out of the deck. He approached the side of the ship and solemnly performed a military salute: "Sir, I am the captain of this warship, Ilias of the First Fleet!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Hearing that it was his old subordinate, Seclian was relieved, and he immediately said: "I know you, Ilyas, every time the fleet's warship training and assessment is conducted, the results of the fast 3-layer oar warship you command are always Ranking at the top...Now I order you to immediately ask all the soldiers on the ship to jump into the sea for me, and then take your warship and follow me to meet the enemy!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Ilias was taken aback and said hesitantly: "...but...Commander Miltias raised the Apollo flag and asked us to..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Miltias is a fool!" Seclian interrupted him angrily and shouted: "The enemies have come to kill them, and all the warships are still full of soldiers. They have no ability to fight. What's the use of gathering together? ! Is it convenient for you to be hit and sunk by the enemy! As the naval commander of the First Fleet, I now order you to execute the order immediately! "&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Yes...yes!" Ilias responded loudly. From the bottom of his heart, he absolutely agreed with Seclian's approach, because the belief developed by the First Fleet under the influence of Seclian was always to attack, never Being beaten passively.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Only the soldiers on the deck who heard the conversation between the two began to make noises. They did not want to be kicked off the ship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Ilias had to face them and persuaded loudly: "Theonian warriors, our fleet is now encountering a strong enemy and the situation is urgent! But because you are loaded on the warship, the warship cannot fight. Either you Jump into the sea so that we can fight, repel the enemy, and then come back to rescue you; or you can stay on the ship, wait for the enemy ship to arrive, sink the warship, and then everyone will become prisoners together... Please make your choice now!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The deck suddenly became silent, and soon a man stepped forward.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Squad leader!" the soldiers shouted earnestly, focusing their hopeful eyes on him.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Brothers, if the navy is destroyed, we will be in big trouble!" The squad leader said with determination: "Take your long shields and let's jump into the sea to show the navy that they are not the only ones who can swim."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After he finished speaking, no soldier expressed any objection, and one by one they picked up the long shields on the deck. This is the strict discipline of the Theonian Legion, even if this is just a legion reserve unit.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Please help us save other armor and weapons first." The squad leader told Ilias, then he picked up his long shield and with a "plop", the first one jumped into the sea, followed by the other soldiers... ...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   During this process, Elias kept performing military salutes.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After Seclian gave the order, he did not stop next to the warship, but continued to chase other warships. Since the warships were full of soldiers and were slow, it was not difficult to catch up with them. After stopping several warships one after another, , he discovered a situation: all he encountered were warships of the First Fleet (that is, warships that broke into the port of Selinus during the storm and escaped disaster), and there were many soldiers on board the warships. He is a legionary reserve soldier of Theonia.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Seklian thought about it for a moment and realized that this was certainly not an accident.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In order to seize the time, Miltias ordered at the port that the warships should be loaded with soldiers before setting off. The legion reserve soldiers were more well-trained and more organized and disciplined than the citizen soldiers of other city-states, so they could move as quickly as possible. The speed gathered at the dock and boarded the warship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At the same time, Miltias was the last one to set off because he had to supervise the entire boarding process. Any military commander generally has a habit of gathering his most trusted troops around him, so that during the battle The command is more convenient and can play a greater role, although this is just a troop transport. Miltias still habitually let the warships of the First Fleet dock at the dock first, so the warships of the Fourth Fleet, which had been with him for more than ten years, set off later and were closer to him.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Miltias's unintentional arrangement made it easier for Seclian. He could smoothly let the First Fleet warships and legion reserve soldiers sailing at the front carry out his orders: they were fast 3-layer oar warships. The soldiers on top all jumped into the sea; they were from the Crow Warship, 40 soldiers were retained, and the rest all jumped into the sea.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Of course, Seclian would also encounter friendly soldiers on the warship. They obviously resisted this order, and some even threatened to use force to occupy the ship. The captain could only patiently persuade, and at the same time, there were nearby battles. The soldiers on the ship jumped into the sea to set an example, and most of these friendly soldiers eventually obeyed, but this only delayed time...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   While Seclian was anxiously persuading the ships in the east to obey his orders, the East Phoenician fleet was speeding up to pursue the Theonian warships retreating towards the coast.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theonia's sailors paddled hard, but the ship was full of soldiers, which seriously affected the speed of the warship. They were gradually pulled closer by the East Phoenician fleet, which had been raised to the highest speed by the warship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Eastern Phoenician warships, like tigers and wolves, pounced on the fat sheep in their eyes.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Seeing that the Theonian warship that was lagging behind could not escape, he simply turned around and bravely rushed towards the enemy ship. However, how could the Theonian warship that had lost its speed and flexibility be able to go into battle lightly? The opponents of the Phoenician warships either had their oars broken or were hit against the hull. Theonian crew members and soldiers continued to jump into the sea screaming in surprise.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Of course, there are occasional exceptions. These East Phoenician sailors learned about the situation of the Theonian fleet from the mouths of their colonial compatriots, but after all, they have not experienced it personally. Several East Phoenician warships were careless when they were facing each other. Hooked by the twelve-meter-long suspension bridge of the Crow Warship, the friendly soldiers who had already put on armor and picked up weapons swarmed over.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Other Phoenician warships who saw this terrible scene quickly learned their lesson. When facing the Crow Warship again, they avoided the bow and attacked the stern.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Raven warship was unable to move flexibly due to too many soldiers, was slow, and had no fast trireme to protect it, so it became a key target for Phoenician warships to attack.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Miltias's ship was rushing towards the beach. That beach happened to be the beach where the fleet infantry landed during the night raid a few days ago. It was one mile away, and the distance was getting closer, but Miltias There was no joy on his face, and he was suffering inside.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Originally, he had been sitting at the stern of the ship, observing the follow-up of other warships, but what he saw was: countless enemy ships rushing in at lightning speed, attacking the warships that were lagging behind. Although these lone warships were They resisted tenaciously, but were either sunk or damaged. They floated stiffly on the sea, allowing the enemy to bully them. The crew members kept screaming, and more and more crew members and soldiers fell into the sea...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   This situation made Miltias feel like a knife: these are the warships that he had shamelessly applied to the Ministry of Military Affairs for more than ten years, carefully maintained and repaired every day, and saved up with hard work, but they were all gone in the blink of an eye! There are also these brothers who have been with him day and night and trained hard for more than ten years. He brought them to Sicily with their eagerness for meritorious service. They had never fought a big battle, but they were about to lose their lives! ...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   He couldn't help but stood up and said loudly: "Stop the boat immediately! Leave 40 soldiers behind. The other soldiers immediately jumped off the boat and swam to the beach by themselves! Quick! Quick!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, the order issued by Miltias was actually the same as that of Seclian. In fact, he had this idea in his mind before, but at that time he was still lucky, and he was worried that driving the soldiers on the ship into the sea would lead to friendly wars later. The protest was not good for him. After all, he had made a big mistake... A mistake caused the Sicilian fleet to encounter difficulties, and now he regretted it.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The friendly soldiers on the deck did not argue like the friendly soldiers on the warship to the east, because they had already seen the bad situation on the sea behind them. Staying on the ship was not necessarily safer than being at sea, so they quickly followed suit.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Miltias did not command the flagship to rush directly to the enemy ships, but quickly sailed towards the approaching warships. He needed to gather the nearby warships scattered outside the battlefield as quickly as possible in order to fight against this enemy ship that came out of nowhere. The enemy fleet is coming.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In fact, due to the critical situation, Miltias did not need to remind him that some soldiers on the Theonian warships had already actively jumped into the sea so that the warships could participate in the battle.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   However, the first wave of attacks by the East Phoenician fleet crashed at least 10 Theonian triremes, and had torn the already scattered rear of the Theonian fleet to pieces. The warships took advantage of the victory to pursue the scattered Theonian warships, trying to catch the rear of the Theonian fleet in one fell swoop.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The flagship of Miltias, with its wide hull and the red blood flag flying on the top of the mast, naturally became the main target of the East Phoenician attack. A total of five Phoenician warships sailed towards it quickly, which forced Miltias to His original plan had to be stopped.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Miltias made an immediate decision and issued an order to a crow warship and a fast three-layer oar warship that gathered on both sides of his ship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Soon, the Crow Warship and his flagship turned around quickly and headed towards the coast, while the fast 3-layer oar warship turned around and sailed parallel to the coast, keeping distance from them.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;"/>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
