<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 902: Capture of Alesia&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But he also knew that Alenia was not easy to attack. According to the information he learned from the intelligence department, the city had more than 3,000 citizen soldiers and a 6-7 meter high wall. In the event of a battle, the city would be closed. Defend, for the Third Fleet with only 6,000 fleet infantry, it will cost a lot to attack.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Furthermore, Midorades was good at naval warfare and had no experience in land warfare.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Medorades knew his capabilities, so he did not act blindly, but summoned his men to discuss.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Maeontides, the commander of the fleet infantry, put forward his own suggestion: lure the citizen soldiers of Alenia out of the city and eliminate them, thus weakening their ability to defend the city, making it easier to attack the city again. (There are 4 fleet infantry officers in the Theonian army sequence. They are affiliated to the four major fleets respectively. They are the No. 2 person in the fleet. They need to obey the command of the fleet commander and own and manage and train all the fleets in peacetime. Infantry, the right to command the troops to land on the coast to conduct surprise operations and invade enemy territory during war. The number of infantry in the fleet under his command is not fixed, depending on the number of crow warships in his fleet.), and the lure The solution was to dress up as an Etruscan pirate and raid the silver mines of Alenia.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   For hundreds of years, the two most famous pirate groups on the Italian peninsula were the Illyrians on the Adriatic on the east coast and the Etruscans on the west coast. Unlike the Illyrians who were pirates mainly for survival, the Etruscan pirates were originally formed privately by the Etruscan city-states in order to combat the ongoing colonization of the Italian peninsula and began to threaten the Etruscans. The Greeks were hegemonic in central and northern Italy. As the wave of Greek colonization to the western Mediterranean weakened and the final spheres of influence of both sides were determined, Etruscan pirates decreased significantly.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But 30 years ago, the number of Etruscan pirates increased again. The reason was not due to official organization, but because the Celts in northern Italy began to invade southward and seize the Etruscan lands. Especially more than ten years ago, the Celtic army swept through the entire Etruscan territory and even captured Rome. Many Etruscans fled to the sea and became pirates. Even after the Gauls retreated, there were still some Some Etruscans, having tasted the sweetness of getting something for nothing, wanted to continue raiding the west coast of Italy.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   However, during this period, due to the establishment of the third fleet of Theonia, which strengthened its patrols on the coast of the Kingdom of Theonia and its allies, the frequently attacked Etruscan pirates were greatly reduced again and could only huddle on the west coast of Italy. In the north, they dare not go south. Although Carthage once formed an alliance with Etruria and still maintains a tacit understanding of neighborly relations and non-aggression, Alenia has been invaded by Etruscan pirates in the past.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After Myontides' suggestion was adopted, Midorades began to make careful preparations. He even went to the newly occupied Etruscan city of Keslera to learn more about the Etruscan pirates. In order to cope with the situation, several Etruscan cargo ships and the armor and weapons of their soldiers were also borrowed.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Two days later, dozens of warships of the 3rd Fleet, loaded with fleet soldiers, quietly docked at nightfall on the beach between Alenia and the Etruscan town of Mariana in the north. 4,000 fleet soldiers The infantry landed ashore and sneaked into the mountains.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   On the second day, several Etruscan ships suddenly broke into the offshore of Alenia and docked on the northern beach of Alenia. More than 200 "Etruscan pirates" landed ashore and rushed towards A famous silver mine in the mountains of northwest Alenia.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Ever since the Theonian army landed in the Latium area, the Alenians have been on tenterhooks, but a month or two later, the Theonian army did not land on Corsica, and even in the offshore area With no trace of the Theonian warships in sight, the Alenians were temporarily relieved. They thought that the Theonian army was still trapped in the war with Rome and could not get out. Unexpectedly, at this time, the hateful Itte Lurian pirates appeared, and they wanted to plunder a large silver mine in Alenia, which was an important source of revenue for the Alenia treasury.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After detailed exploration by the clipper, no other abnormalities were found offshore. Considering the difficulty of the Etruscan pirates, for the sake of safety, the Carthaginian judges in Alenia decided to deal with them as soon as possible to avoid Other accidents occurred, so he urged the city hall to quickly summon 800 Alenian citizen soldiers. He led this army out of the city and quickly rushed to the location of the silver mines.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When they launched an attack on the Etruscan pirates who were plundering the silver mines, 4,000 fleet infantry suddenly appeared behind them and surrounded them.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Alenian army was quickly defeated, the Carthaginian judges died in the battle, and the soldiers were either killed or captured.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The fleet infantry first separated them into separate groups for interrogation, and then reunited and escorted them toward the beach. On the way, the Alesian prisoners at the front of the team suddenly rioted and knocked down the soldiers escorting them. Then the prisoners, whose faces were covered with blood and filth, returned to save their other companions.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Suddenly, the entire escort team fell into chaos. Many Alesians seized the opportunity to escape. By the time the fleet infantry calmed down the commotion, more than 200 prisoners had already fled towards the city of Alenia.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   So, the fleet soldiers began to chase.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The prisoners ran away regardless of fatigue and fled to the city, shouting hysterically: "Open the door quickly!! The Theonians are coming! Open the door quickly!!..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   For hundreds of years, the Alenians have lived a peaceful and peaceful life under the protection of Carthage, except for occasionally fighting pirates. Suddenly they heard the news that "the Theonians were coming to kill", and the defenders at the top of the city They were all at a loss when they saw the disheveled and embarrassed compatriots under the city. The people shouting were all familiar people. The dust and smoke were billowing in the distance, and it was obvious that the enemy was approaching quickly.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   So they opened the city gate without hesitation and urged the deserters to come in quickly.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   As soon as the prisoners ran into the city, dozens of fleet infantry hidden among them pulled out the short swords tied to their backs and hidden by loose linings, and stabbed the prisoners beside them.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The city gate suddenly fell into chaos, causing a blockage and unable to be closed immediately.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The large fleet infantry force arrived soon after and took advantage of the situation to rush into the city...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After a period of fighting within the city, Alenia was captured.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At dusk, the deep and deep sound of bugles rang outside the city of Satnicum, and the Theonian soldiers who were attacking the city retreated like a tide.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In the large tent in the military camp, Tormid was reporting to Davos: "Your Majesty, we have launched continuous attacks on Satnicum in the past few days. The Romans' defense was quite tenacious, which prevented our attack. If any progress has been made, the casualties of the soldiers have been close to 3,000, and the soldiers are tired and morale is low after days of hard fighting..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Tormid, you are wrong. The morale of the brothers is still very high. They are eager to attack the city and avenge their dead comrades! Moreover, we have casualties, and the casualties of the Romans are not small. They are more numerous than us. Much less, and if we attack for a few more days, they won't be able to withstand it!" Amyntas retorted loudly.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Tormid did not argue, but just looked at Davos.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Davos looked solemn and tapped his fingers on the table.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After a moment, he said: "The Romans are different from other enemies. They are well-disciplined and tenacious in fighting spirit, no less than our legionnaires. Moreover, their commander Camillus is very capable. They have been very successful in defense these days." This sudden attack caused us a lot of trouble.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   For an army with tenacious fighting spirit, the more violent our attack, the more violent the resistance will be. And Tormid is right. Since our soldiers landed in Latium, how many major battles have been carried out in a few months, such as siege battles, raids, pursuit battles... before they can be seen in just a few short days. To defeat Rome and conquer such a large territory within a few months, it's time to slow down! The soldiers are all made of flesh, not made of iron. Even if they are iron, they will bend after constant impact... Therefore, I decided to stop the siege of Satnikum starting from tomorrow.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   I think... the last time a rugby match was held in the city of Rome, it was very popular among the soldiers. Can we continue to hold rugby and football matches in the camp? We can expand the scope of the game and start with competitions between the brigades of each legion. , the winning team will participate in the competition between the various legions. Whether it is the final winning team within the legion or the championship team between legions, they will receive generous rewards, allowing the soldiers to relax and be happy. "&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When talking about the favorite sport of legionnaires, several legion commanders all smiled and even claimed that it was.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   According to the military concept of the Romans, war is the most important event related to the life and death of a city-state. Citizens gather to go out to fight, kill the enemy and return, always going all out. There has never been any competition and fun in the camp, but since then After participating in the competition last time, Sextus has been fascinated by this new game. At this moment, his face was full of joy, and he specifically asked: "Your Majesty, will you take us to compete this time?!" (According to Sextus Due to Stus' military position, he could not have appeared at Davos's military meeting, but now the Roman reserves have become a force that cannot be ignored in the Theonian army, whether for military considerations or Due to political considerations, every time Davos held a military meeting, Tormid had to notify him)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "This is absolutely not possible!" Matonis objected loudly, with an extremely firm attitude: "Your Majesty, you cannot participate, otherwise other legions will not be able to compete seriously!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Don't worry, I'm just a spectator this time." Davos looked at the anxious and pale-faced Matonis with a smile, and then looked at the somewhat disappointed Sextus: "However, the reserve soldiers are really not very good at playing. Rugby, let alone football, it's not fair for your legion to compete against them..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
