<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 897 The Battle of Germain (4)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The captain was stunned after hearing this. After a moment, he suddenly puffed up his chest and said in a deep voice: "General, you have been the commander of our Fourth Fleet for 10 years and have cared for us like a father. How could we abandon you and escape alone today? Please let us I will follow you and fight bravely as before!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Sir, please let me follow you to fight the enemy!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "And I!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "do not forget me!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The crew members expressed their opinions one after another, and the determination they showed fully showed that they were not just talking.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Miltias was finally moved. He looked around the crew and finally showed a relieved smile: "Very good, then let's go to the Elysee Paradise together!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   As he spoke, he raised the dagger that had been chipped by many Phoenician sailors and said loudly: "Speed &#226;&#128;&#139;&#226;&#128;&#139;up the oars and charge forward. The target is the Carthaginian cavalry!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Yes!!!" More than 100 crew members shouted in unison, arranged in a column similar to the shape of a ship, with Miltias as the leader, striding forward, and at the same time singing the Hades hymn in their mouths: "I sing your praises, Great Hades, you are the Lord of the Night, the Controller of the Law, and the Protector of the Kingdom of Theonia..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
---&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Just as the Carthaginian army massacred the crews and friendly soldiers of the Theonian Sicilian fleet on many coasts from Germe to Minoa, the East Phoenician fleet did not turn out as Miltias imagined. After returning from the victory, they received the news through the clipper that "the Theonian squadron attacked from the east and defeated some Phoenician warships". They hurriedly gathered the scattered warships, and then headed east to prepare. Fight.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Phoenician city-states such as Tire and Sidon have provided the navy for Persia for many years. The sailors born in the Phoenician area with a strong commercial atmosphere did not actually have a strong will to fight. Therefore, the Persian navy and the Greek navy (mainly Athens) In the decades of war history, the Phoenicians did not create any brilliant achievements. Judging from today's results, the East Phoenician fleet has easily won a brilliant victory. It is good at calculation and tactful. They can stop here and boast to Carthage about this achievement.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   However, this fleet was jointly formed by Tire, Sidon and other East Phoenician city-states. Once they were forced by the Theonian fleet to withdraw from this sea area, it meant that they could not clean the battlefield and be unable to conquer the enemy. He took away the damaged warships and was unable to rescue a large number of Phoenician sailors who fell into the sea or were killed and wounded by the soldiers on the crow warships...abandoned his compatriots in a foreign land thousands of miles away and became prisoners of foreigners, not only among the fleet Many people could not accept that after returning to the Phoenician region, they would be accused by the people of the city-state. This was the reason why they decided to continue fighting.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Of course there is another reason. The East Phoenicians believed that their triremes far outnumbered their opponents and could completely defeat them.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In the end, the Phoenician fleet gathered 97 warships and met the fleet led by Seclian on the sea between Germe and Minoa. At this time, the Theonian squadron continued to flee as it moved forward. The Theonia warships have joined, and the number of warships has reached 51.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, the Phoenician warships were almost twice as many as the Theonian warships, and half of the warships in the Theonian squadron were somewhat damaged, but the Theonian fleet was not afraid at all and was located in the ship formation. Under the command of Stefankas, the flagship of the Second Squadron of the First Fleet in the center raised three long blood-red streamers on the top of the mast, which means "Fight bloody to the end and never retreat until death!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Crow warship on which Seclian was riding was still leading the charge. The sailors of all the warships were rowing hard regardless of fatigue, steering the warship to sprint forward. They wanted to wash away the embarrassment and humiliation before, and put away the pain and Bring death to your enemies!&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The original plan of the East Phoenician fleet was to take advantage of the large number of ships, increase the width of the ship array, and not engage in combat with the Theonian warships on the front of the attack, but actively retreat, lure them deep, and then let the two A flanking warship launched an attack, which was a mutated circumnavigation tactic.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But when two fleets meet, both sides usually line up first and then launch an attack. Who knows that the Theonian warships rush directly over in a mess (the East Phoenicians responded to the Theonian starry ship formation Not familiar with it, I thought it was because they were not in good formation), the East Phoenician fleet could only respond hastily, and the previous battle plan could not be fully implemented.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At the beginning, the East Phoenicians still had the mentality of dealing with the Theonian fleet first, and slowly unfolded their battle array to implement the original battle plan. Who knew that the attack of the Theonian fleet was swift, ferocious, and very efficient. As soon as the warships of both sides came into contact, the two Phoenician warships at the forefront were in danger. One was hooked by the crow warship, and the other was hooked by the crow warship. Damaged by a fast warship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theonian warships rushed forward and backward, breaking into the center of the East Phoenician fleet, disrupting the order of the entire ship formation, and the two sides soon fell into a fierce melee.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The crew of the Theonian fleet fought hard with the determination to die. During the battle, even if the hull of the ship is damaged and sea water seeps in, they will block it while still charging at nearby enemy ships or protecting the flanks for their comrades and blocking the enemy ship's attack; the soldiers of the Crow Warship rush to the enemy ship Later, if there is no time to return, the crew will not hesitate to pull up the suspension bridge and then smash the suspension bridge against another enemy ship that is preparing to attack them. Then the sailors will pick up the weapons left by the soldiers who jumped into the sea before and board the ship. combat; even when the warship was hit by the enemy, the crew's first thought was not to seal the gap and escape from the warship, but to throw multiple rope hooks from the deck to hook the enemy ship, and then the crew members joined forces to fight. ...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   It is precisely because the Theonian crew broke out with a powerful fighting force without fear of death that they were able to compete with the East Phoenician fleet in a critical situation with a huge disparity in the number of warships, and their terrifying fighting will shocked The East Phoenicians had always acted as vassals of Persia and rarely fought independently. Therefore, after more than an hour of fierce fighting, the East Phoenicians chose to retreat out of fear.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Although the Theonia crew members are very tired, they still have to complete one important thing before they can return to Selinus City - that is, cleaning the battlefield and searching for and rescuing their comrades who fell into the water. This is why they fight desperately .&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The first person to be searched and rescued was Seclian. The warship he was riding in charged forward and was naturally heavily attacked by the Phoenicians. He was eventually sunk. Because the fierce battle was in full swing at the time, the surrounding warships had no time to rescue him. rise. Now, he was quickly rescued on Stefankas' ship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After soaking in the sea water for dozens of minutes, he was still in high spirits. When he got on the boat, he asked: "Did the enemy really retreat?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Squadron commander Stefankas immediately went forward to report: "Sir, I have sent many fast ships to track the departing enemies. If there is any abnormality, they will report immediately. I also have eight warships here Stay on combat alert, just in case."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Well, the arrangement is very detailed and reasonable. It's much better than that bastard Miltias!" As soon as Miltias was mentioned, Seclian became very angry. He immediately asked loudly: "Find it?" Is that bastard Miltias?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "There is no news about him yet."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "It seems that he has no face to see me and is hiding!" Seclian looked sarcastic, and then asked: "How many warships do we have left?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "... There are 25 ships left, including 18 crow warships, 7 fast warships, and another 6 warships that are not too seriously damaged. They should be towed back to the naval base and can be repaired..." Stefankas He said with a heavy tone.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "This is all Miltias's fault! More than 100 warships! It was his wrong decision that led to more than 100 warships being rammed and sunk by a group of cowardly enemies! Many of the crew members did not even engage in real combat. , just watching his warship sink! This is really... This is really... Oh!..." Seclian was heartbroken and even shed tears. He not only felt sad for the losses in this naval battle, but also remembered The big storm that made him unbearable...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Yes, the Theonian Navy, which once boasted itself as "the number one in the Western Mediterranean", has four fleets and more than 850 warships. However, in the months after the war with Carthage, it suffered continuous heavy losses. There was very little left of the 1st, 2nd, and 4th fleets. How could he not shed tears of pain by bringing them back to the size of the navy when it was first established in one fell swoop?&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Although Stephakas felt equally sad, he still comforted him: "Sir, we have captured some enemy ships, brought them back to the base, and made some modifications, so that they can join the fleet and enrich our strength."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "How many?" Seclian asked immediately.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "The specific number is not clear yet." Stephakas's answer is understandable, because there are more battlefields than this, and there are battlefields everywhere in the sea from Minoa to Germe.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Therefore, Seclian did not criticize Stefankas, but looked up at the sky and said: "It is still afternoon, let the brothers search every part of the sea carefully, try not to miss any brother who fell into the water, and Soldiers, do not miss any warship, and then let them pilot the captured enemy ships and return to Selinus together."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Yes, my lord."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Neither of them talked about transporting reinforcements to Agrigento during the conversation, because under the current circumstances, it was impossible to rush to Agrigento and they urgently needed to return to the port to rest.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The pursuit of the Carthaginian army on the coast forced many Theonian crew members who had already swam ashore to swim into the sea again and soaked in the cold water for an hour or two. Some crew members were already exhausted. Thanks to It was only through the mutual assistance of the comrades that the battleship rescue arrived.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<br/>&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
<font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
</font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
