<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 914 Mago threatens Syracuse&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Only Sekerian is still complaining: "As long as we take precautions?! It's easy to say. The route from Catanai to western Sicily will be frequently used by our fleet in the future, whether our warships go to the western seas Patrolling, cruising, or our fleet transporting baggage and troops to Selinus all pass through Syracuse. Their fleet is like a lurking poisonous snake that may attack us at any time. How can our fleet guard against it? ?!&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Sipulos's expression became serious, and he said in a deep voice: "Your Sicilian fleet needs material and personnel support. As long as I can do it, I will try my best to help you! But those who control the waters of Sicily and protect the territory Coastal security is the responsibility of your fleet, and you have been praised by His Majesty as 'the great naval hero of the Kingdom of Dionia'. This should be something you consider, but you ask me, a layman, about it!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Seklian was speechless.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Sipulos looked at Brelu again, and the expression on his face became gentle again: "Lord Brelu, on behalf of the people of the Sicilian territory, I would like to thank you very much for leading the Seventh Army to reinforce us. I believe that you will be able to communicate with Prosuou. Mr. Si worked together and successfully completed the tasks assigned by His Majesty! He made brilliant achievements!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Sipulos said this more cleverly. He took into account Brelu's age, qualifications, and status in the kingdom (Belelu is a senator and one of the representatives of the Bruti people, far from Leo who has no powerful background. Tizides could not compare), so there was no mention that Brelu should obey the command of Leo Tizides, the Sicilian commander. He believed that Brelu, who had been in the legion for more than ten years, could do it even if he was reluctant. It will be done in accordance with military law, because since the establishment of Dionia, there has never been an instance of a senior general disobeying orders.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Don't worry, our Seventh Legion is here to fight in Catanai, and I will act in strict accordance with military law!" Brelu said it very straightforwardly.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Hearing this, Leotizides nodded.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After Hasdrubal captured Gela, he did not continue to lead his troops eastward because they might encounter the Syracuseans if they went further. He vaguely remembered that the Carthage Senate had sent envoys to have a conflict with Syracuse. After several secret conversations, without knowing the details, he didn't know how to deal with the relationship with Syracuse, so he simply stayed in Gela and waited for the arrival of Mago's army. At the same time, he detached some of his troops and headed north. Participated in the siege of Enna.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After the Carthaginian army led by Bomilcar captured Minoa, they also stayed in place to rest.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After Mago received the news one after another that "his troops captured Minoa, Agrigento, and Gela" and "Syracuse recovered Camanlina and Pacinus", he was very happy. Because this means that the Carthaginian army can smoothly pass through the south coast and directly attack the Sicilian territory of Dionia.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   However, he was also distressed because Selinus had not yet been captured. Because the defenders of Selinus not only fought tenaciously, but also responded well. They repelled several strong attacks by the Carthaginian army, forcing Mago to rest the army in order to restore low morale.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Judging from the current battle situation, it is unlikely that Mago's existing 40,000-complex force can capture Selinus in a short time. From a safe point of view, Selinus should be captured first and then march eastward. But that would waste a lot of time, which would not only give the Dionian army that suffered successive defeats valuable rest time, but also create variables over time. What's more important is the promise he made in the Senate to "capture the entire island of Sicily within one year." We must hurry up!&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After thinking about it, Magos finally made a decision: leaving 5,000 Phenin infantry and 1,000 Lumibian cavalry, and also asked the lord of Lilibi City, Imisele, to organize 5,000 Sicilian allied soldiers, all of whom were stationed in the camp, and continued Besieging Selinus, he himself led nearly 40,000 troops along the south coast and marched eastward.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Not only were they accompanied by slaves and free people, but also a large number of people from city-states such as Mazara, Elyx, Segesta, etc. They were not only responsible for transporting food and baggage to the entire Carthaginian army, but also for Survival, because the Dionian army harvested and destroyed the farmland of these city-states on a large scale during their stay in Selinus (except for Palermos and Sorus on the north coast), leaving them facing the risk of famine.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Mago announced to them that as long as they carried baggage for the Carthaginian army, they would be allowed to harvest the farmland of the Greek city-states and villages along the way, such as Minoa, Agrigento, and Gela, based on their performance, for future use. Years of food reserves at home, so they actively participate.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Mago solved the problem of the army's food and heavy transportation, but it also made the entire marching team too bloated and moved slowly. It took two days to reach Minoa.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After meeting up with Bomirka's army, continue moving forward.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When they arrived in Agrigento, they received good news: Hasdrubal captured Enna, and most of the Sikel tribe there chose to submit.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Not long after Mago was happy, he received another piece of bad news: the Dionysians attacked his baggage transport team.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   It turned out that the Carthaginian army was too large, and Mago was in a hurry. The entire team meandered on the south coast for more than 20 miles, and the baggage transport team fell behind the team. As a result, the Dionysian Sicilian fleet was in Minoa Landing on the beach between Agrigento and Agrigento, the fleet infantry who came ashore attacked the team, killing many laborers and Phoenician people, and burning a lot of food and baggage. If the Numibian cavalry had not arrived, Carthage would have been destroyed. The losses of the base army will be even greater.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   This forced Mago to slow down his march and send troops to protect the baggage.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Ten days later, the Carthaginian army finally arrived at Gera.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After resting for a day, Mago led nearly 100,000 troops and continued marching eastward, eventually surrounding Camanlina.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The people of Syracuse were shocked when they heard the news, and hurriedly sent envoys to see Mago, telling him that Syracuse had formed an alliance with Carthage, and Camanlina was now an ally of Syracuse. , it has no hostility to Carthage and will allow the Carthaginian army to pass smoothly, hoping not to attack it.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Mago was dissatisfied with the envoy's request. He proudly said: "As the military commander of Carthage, I don't know when Syracuse became an ally of Carthage! If the people of Syracuse really want to do this, Ask your general to come here personally to talk to me!&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The envoy from Syracuse brought these words back to the council. The generals and congressmen were in an uproar after hearing this. Many people thought that this was the Carthaginians crossing the river and withdrawing the bridge. They wanted to break the contract and were preparing to take this opportunity to attack along the way. Down to Syracuse.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Others took the opportunity to accuse the chief general Theagenes, saying that he thought he had made benefits for Syracuse, but he angered the Carthaginians. Now the Carthaginian army has approached Syracuse. If Theagenis must bear full responsibility for causing the war.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenis argued that Mago had been in Iberia before and might not be aware of the secret diplomatic exchanges between Carthage and Syracuse. He was willing to go to discuss with Mago in person to eliminate the differences between them. misunderstanding.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   On the second day, Theagenis rushed to Camarina. Before he entered the territory of Camarina, he had already seen the Carthaginian camp: countless tents connected to each other, one camp connected to another. A camp covers an unknown number of miles. If it weren't for countless strong soldiers with different looks walking among them, one would have thought that they had entered a vast city.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenis became more and more frightened as he watched. Under the guidance of the Carthaginian guards, he walked for a full hour before arriving at Mago's tent.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   As Theagenis expected, after he saluted Mago and said his name, the rough-looking Carthaginian commander did not show enough courtesy and enthusiasm, but said lightly: "Look Come on, you people from Syracuse take this matter very seriously, and you actually sent the chief general to talk about it. This will save us some time, and after reaching an agreement, we can implement it immediately."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Syracuse and Carthage have already reached a friendly agreement, and General Mago may not know much about it yet&#226;&#128;&#148;&#226;&#128;&#148;&#226;&#128;&#157; Theagenis explained.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "No, I understand very well. Someone from the Senate told me." Mago raised his eyebrows and looked directly at Theagenis: "You said that you have always had a vague attitude in the negotiations, although you will never join Dio. Dionia, attack Carthage, but are not willing to lead the army to attack Dionia. They are only willing to provide material assistance and allow us to camp on the territory of Syracuse to ensure our safe passage through Syracuse. and the territories of its allies..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Yes, this is what you Carthaginian envoys agreed and signed -" before Theagenis could finish his words, he heard Mago yell: "This is a bullshit agreement! I saw the army outside. No! The supplies don&#226;&#128;&#153;t need to be provided by Syracuse, we can rob them! As for allowing us to pass through Syracuse safely, that&#226;&#128;&#153;s even more of a joke. Even if you don&#226;&#128;&#153;t allow it, my huge army can pass safely!&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "But that will mean war! War with Syracuse! While fighting against Dionia, Carthage also has to prepare for attacks from our Syracuse army from the rear, which will undoubtedly slow you down. The progress of the capture of Catanai has enabled the Dionian reinforcements from Magna Graecia to arrive in time." Theagenis answered calmly.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Mago sneered twice: "If this happens, will Syracuse become an ally of Dionia?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenes hesitated for a moment: "If Carthage regards Syracuse as an enemy, we...of course will."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Thanks to Sniper No. 11, the person named Zhang, for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
