<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 915 Kasik joins forces&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "You are willing, but it also depends on whether Dionia is willing!" Mago sneered and said: "Although I don't know much about Dionia, I also know that they hate breaking the agreement very much. Tarantula Mu eventually had to become a member of Dionia...well, a free city. The Samnites are still at war with Dionia. You Syracuse took advantage of Dionia to fight with our Carthage. During the battle, we secretly occupied Camanlina and Pachinus. I think the Dionysians will never forget this easily! Even if they are temporarily unable to deal with you because of our attack, they will also deal with you in the future. Inflict revenge!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenis's tone was suffocated, and he soon defended: "Pachinus and Kamanlina are not allies of Dionia, nor have they signed any agreement with it. On the contrary, they have always been We did not occupy Syracuse's allies, we only renewed our alliance with them."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this point, his tone became tough again: "I believe Dionia can understand our approach. Even if we can't understand it for a while, we will try our best to become its alliance, even if we accept some harsh conditions, because If Carthage wants to destroy Syracuse, of course we can only choose to survive!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Mago&#226;&#128;&#153;s eyes were wide open and his gaze was as sharp as a spear.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenis faced him head-on without escaping.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The atmosphere in the big tent became tense.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After a while, Mago spoke again: "Carthage and Syracuse have been at odds with each other for decades. The hatred is too deep. The previous agreements alone cannot allow me to lead the army to attack Carta with confidence." No, but show your back to you Syracuseans."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Mago's words were very straightforward, but it made Theagenis difficult to answer. While he was considering his words, Mago said impatiently: "If Syracuse wants to reach an alliance agreement with me, Carthage, The following points must be done. First, send the army to assist Carthage and fight the Dionians; second, send the navy to fight the Dionian navy and escort Carthage's transport ships; Third, open the port and allow Carthaginian ships to enter; fourth, allow the Carthaginian army to be stationed in the territory of Syracuse; fifth, provide material assistance to the Carthaginian army...as long as Syracuse can By doing this, we in Carthage will reach an alliance with you under the witness of Bar Hamon, maintain a long-term peace after the war, and recognize Camanlina and Pacinus as allies of Syracuse. , do not do any infringement.&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Although Mago's request was quite harsh, which made Theagenis frown, he also sensed Mago's desire to form an alliance with Syracuse, so he cheered up and began to establish an alliance with Mago. Negotiations began.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Margo obviously didn&#226;&#128;&#153;t have this patience, and quickly handed over this task to Pomilka.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   By the second day, the two sides reached an alliance agreement, which stipulated that Syracuse must organize an army to attack Dionia from the direction of Taunis; the Syracuse fleet must attack at the right time to threaten from Cara The Dionian ships from Tanai to the south coast prevent it from easily going to Selinus or the western sea. After the Carthaginian fleet arrives, it must cooperate with it to fight; the Carthaginian army can be in Syracuse Build camps, but must not destroy, plunder, or even harm the people of Syracuse within the territory; when the Carthage army encounters supply difficulties, Syracuse is obliged to provide assistance, and Carthage will provide double assistance in the future. compensation; during the war, neither party to the alliance may have a private truce with the enemy, or even negotiate a peace; after the war is won, Carthage will allow Taunis, Leotini, Carmanlina, and Pacinus to become the tin Rakuza's vassal allies...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenis' idea is: Since direct battle with Dionia cannot be avoided, the Syracuse army chooses to attack from the direction of Taunis. Due to its narrow coast, it can avoid being flanked and surrounded by the Dionia army. safer. After the war, the two city-states of Taunis and Leontini were acquired, which not only expanded Syracuse's sphere of influence, but also placed Syracuse in the center of these city-states. With a buffer zone, it did not have to face the threats of other forces. , it becomes safer... This agreement can basically be said to have achieved the purpose of his negotiation.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   For Mago and Pomilka, the reason why they made some concessions in the negotiations was because Carthage drove the Dionia out of Sicily and occupied Dionia throughout southern Italy. The kingdom is still strong and may make a comeback at any time, and the basic city of Carthage is far away in Africa, sometimes beyond its reach. Now there is a relatively strong Syracuse as an ally, standing in front, delaying Dionia's attack, which will give More preparation time for Carthage.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Before leaving, Theagenis suggested to Mago that it would be more conducive to the conclusion of this alliance agreement to have the Carthaginian army assume a posture of marching towards the city of Syracuse.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Margo agreed.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenis returned to the city of Syracuse with the draft alliance agreement, which indeed aroused opposition from many council members. Some even criticized Theagenis: He said that he wanted to restore Syracuse to its former glory. Brilliant, but actually sold the interests of Syracuse to Carthage. This is treason!&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Theagenis used today's Sparta as an example to defend himself, claiming: Sparta and Persia have also been enemies for decades, but during the Corinthian War, Sparta was able to put aside its hatred and form an alliance with Persia. As an alliance, now it has become the overlord of Greece, and Syracuse can do the same.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Carthaginians finally agreed to sign the agreement, not only because of Theagenis's excuse, but more importantly because of the approaching Carthaginian army. However, they still added one more item to the agreement: the Carthaginian army could only harvest in the autumn. Only then can you enter the territory of Syracuse.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In fact, it was already September, just a few days before the end of the harvest. Mago agreed to this additional request, so he first targeted Hena.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In the Kingdom of Dionia, where the war is still going on, especially in Magna Graecia, the people do not seem to be enveloped in worry and anxiety. On the contrary, with the arrival of September, the fields turn golden, and the joy on their faces becomes clear. It has never stopped. Last year's drought made everyone deeply aware of the threat of hunger, so this year's harvest makes them cherish it even more.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   From Catania in the south to Lucenia in the north, you can see families of men, women and children gathering together, singing cheerful songs, harvesting their own wheat fields; of course, you can also see people from the agricultural departments of various cities. Officials urged the kingdom's slaves to help harvest wheat for families who lacked labor because their male masters were away at war.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   While the people of Dionysia were working in the fields, the incense in the temples of Demeter in various places was also at its peak. There was an endless stream of people coming to worship from morning to night every day, thanking the earth goddess for her kindness to them. Bless.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   September is not only a bumper harvest for wheat fields, but also many fruits are ripe, especially olives, which are extremely important to the Greeks. Therefore, many hills are also lively. People use long wooden poles to knock on olive trees laden with fruits. Olive trees are like It falls like raindrops, and is then picked up into wooden baskets and sent to the oil pressing room, or placed in the sun to dry...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, there will be more sacrifices to Athena.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The people's joy naturally also affected the kingdom's senators. Since the drought and the war broke out, the food problem that had been bothering them was finally alleviated, which made the senators breathe a big sigh of relief. Therefore, the atmosphere in today's Senate meeting was still good. Relatively easy.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "The letter from His Majesty received today has told us that our army has occupied Antium and the Latium War will probably end within a month." The rotating chairman Weisba said with a smile in the center of the venue: "Also, you have all heard that His Majesty does not agree with our proposal to suspend this year's rugby match due to the war and requires that it be held as usual. Do you have any opinions?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After a small discussion, Cornelus stood up: "We originally made this proposal because everyone considered that the kingdom had to deal with three wars at the same time, so a large number of citizens were mobilized to fight, and officials from various cities were also present. Intense work is being carried out for these wars, and the Kingdom Rugby Finals is a grand celebration that not only requires coordination between various departments and a lot of energy, but also requires tight defense and good order.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Under the current circumstances, everyone is worried that our officials will not have more energy to organize this celebration, and may even cause trouble from hostile countries. The chaos at the Hades celebration more than 10 years ago is a lesson. ! "&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Lord Cornelus is right, we think so too." Some senators immediately agreed.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Cornelus coughed twice and continued: "But your Majesty is thinking more long-term. The war has been going on for almost a year, and the war with Carthage will continue to continue, and it will be in a state of war for a long time. The people will become more and more anxious and fearful, and eventually become war-weary, which will have a great impact on our efforts to achieve the final victory. Therefore, at this critical moment, a grand celebration can show them that the kingdom will win. Faith, eliminate their concerns, and make them more enthusiastic to support this war to determine the hegemony of the Western Mediterranean after joy! So I support your Majesty&#226;&#128;&#153;s decision!&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Looking at Cornelus sitting down tremblingly, some senators cursed in their hearts: Slick old guy!&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, the scepter priest Plessinas stood up and said loudly: "Your Majesty's decision is absolutely correct! When you made this proposal before, I disagreed. Now I solemnly say it again here, The Kingdom Rugby Finals is not an ordinary game. Since Hades became the patron saint of the Kingdom of Dionia, the rugby game has become the most important part of the Hades celebration and has pleased this great god over the years. It has never been interrupted, and the kingdom has never been defeated in the war. It is also the result of His Majesty&#226;&#128;&#153;s wisdom and the blessing of Hades. If the game is suddenly stopped this time and Hades is angered, who will bear the consequences?!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
