<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 907 Battle of Jela (4)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   So, after the two brigades arrived, Acethemis took out the battle plan that he had already thought of, discussed and improved it with the two brigades, and then started to implement it.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The light armored brigade rushed at the front, and the light infantry brigade moved behind after keeping a distance from them. The cavalry stayed in place, waiting for the two brigade to entangle the enemy, and then circled to the enemy's flank. , carry out encirclement attack.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The soldiers of the Eighth Legion's light armored brigade held their leather shields diagonally above their heads to guard against attacks from flying rocks, and quickly rushed towards the enemy with a wider front.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The light armored brigade, mostly composed of Sikelians who had become citizens of Dionia, was moving very fast. The Balearic slingers had just thrown two rounds of large lead pellets, and the light armored brigade with minor casualties had already Rushed forward.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Most of the Lusitanian harpooners did not seize this opportunity to throw their javelins, because this kind of heavy javelins with hooks is not easy to make, and each of them only carried three. As early as in the previous light infantry battle It has been almost consumed, and there is only one left in their hands. They will use it as a weapon to deal with the next battle.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Lusitanian harpooneers did not move, but the Celtic warriors could no longer hold back. They roared, holding wooden shields in their left hands and holding high swords in their right hands, and rushed forward in a swarm.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Dionysian light armor soldiers couldn't help but feel a little frightened when they saw a group of shaggy-haired, ferocious-looking, bare-chested big men coming from the opposite side. They were running like horses, roaring like thunder, and their high-raised swords were shining with cold light. According to the tactics used by light armored soldiers in normal training, they should take the initiative to approach the enemy, get close to the enemy, and use the power of the short sword. However, many light armored soldiers were overwhelmed by the opponent's momentum and hesitated to get close.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In the midst of this flash of lightning, the Celtic warrior rushed in front of him, slashing down with his big sword with the sound of whistling wind.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The light armored soldiers raised their leather shields to resist.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Swell!&#226;&#128;&#157; It was as if a big stone hit the shield. The whole left arm immediately felt pain. The momentary soreness and numbness made them unable to work hard. They used the leather shield to resist and could only retreat.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Some Celtic warriors' swords even cut directly into the leather shields, almost injuring the arms of the light armored soldiers.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The shock in the hearts of the light armored soldiers can be imagined, and they retreated involuntarily.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Taking advantage of their height and long legs, the Celtic warriors were like maggots attached to their bones. The big swords in their hands kept chasing and slashing, and even chopped the leather shields of some light armored soldiers into pieces. Some light armored soldiers were slashed. Because the Celtic warriors used The power of the sword was astonishing, and the wounds caused were extremely horrific. The wounded soldiers lay on the ground wailing, which affected the morale of the light armored soldiers. If it were not for the strict military law of Dionia, some soldiers might have fled.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The captain of the light armored infantry was as anxious as an ant on a hot pot. He complained in his heart about the mistakes of the reconnaissance cavalry, "This is not a light infantry, it is more terrifying than the heavy infantry!" While racking his brains to think of countermeasures: "Spread out! Run! Lure the enemy away!..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The role of Dionysian light armor soldiers has never been to fight in formation, but to use the lightness of their feet to attack the enemy's weaknesses and pursue defeated troops. Therefore, speed training is the focus in military training, and armed long-distance running is a very common event. one.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   As soon as the team officers began to relay the order, the light armored soldiers who were barely holding on under the offensive pressure of the Celtic warriors immediately turned around and ran.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But what they didn't expect was that the Celtics were taller and thicker, and the swords and wooden shields in their hands were heavier than theirs, but their running ability was not weaker than theirs. Even if they ran at full strength, they couldn't keep apart from each other. distance.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Of course, the light armored soldiers who were always in shock did not know that these Celtic warriors lived in the mountains of northern Liberia and made a living mainly by hunting and plundering. They had been chasing prey in the mountains for a long time, which gave them good foot strength and endurance. .&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But the aggressive and irritable Celtic warriors obviously had no awareness of the overall situation. Most of the warriors were in a hurry to chase the Dionian light armor and forgot the mission they were supposed to perform.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Balearic slingers lost their protection, and the Eighth Army's light infantry brigade was already approaching. The battle between the slingers and the light infantry was staged again, but this time the distance between the two sides was much closer, and there were even some Dionysian marks. Seeing that the Balearic slingers only had a dagger with them, the gunmen simply rushed forward with their javelins and braved the rain of stones, hoping to fight at close range.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Fortunately, there were nearly 300 Lusitanian javelin throwers mixed in with the Balearic slingers. They rushed out in time. They also used their javelins as spears. The Lusitanians were obviously much stronger. Relying on their height and strength, they had an advantage in the fight.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   For the Balearic slingers, their advantage is not only long-distance coverage attacks, but also their special skill of precise throwing at close range. On the battlefield where the two sides were fighting together, they spread out, each looking for targets to attack. They used large lead balls to throw at the Dionian archers and javeliners who were only thirty or forty meters away, and their lethality increased. Several times.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Therefore, when Acethemis, the commander of the 4th Cavalry Regiment in the distance, saw that the light armored soldiers were being chased by foreign warriors, the light infantry were at a disadvantage, and soldiers kept falling to the ground, he was very anxious, and he immediately urged the cavalry to speed up. Advance, and when the attention of the Balearic slingers is attracted by the light infantry group, go around their flank and defeat them.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Carthage also retained a few hundred foreign warriors behind the battle formation to protect their Balearic slingers, but our light armored brigade was actually repulsed!..." Adjutant Muklu came from the reconnaissance cavalry. When he heard the news from his mouth, he couldn't help but feel shocked and looked at Leotizides hurriedly: "Commander, the Carthaginians have actually learned to use their reserves! Now the people of Camanlina are obviously a little unable to support themselves. Stop, what should we do?!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leotizides seemed not to hear, sitting on the horse like a sculpture, but his eyes were always staring at his right front: there was the Eighth Legion that he had high hopes for, but the surging black wave encountered The rocks, which lead to the current slow advance, are probably related to the fact that after the Battle of Minoa, the Eighth Army suffered a lot of casualties and added a lot of reserve troops, resulting in a decrease in combat effectiveness. Of course, this also shows that it can fight the enemy. The Phoenician-Numibian mixed infantry was not a weak army...it was all a manifestation of the weakness of the Carthaginian army in the Battle of Minoa, which led him to subconsciously doubt the combat effectiveness of the Carthaginian army this time. Misjudgment...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At such a critical juncture, Leotizides could not help but search for various reasons for his misjudgment. Since he participated in battles as an adult (including the battle in Sparta), he has never experienced a defeat so far, so it is inevitable that he will be a little embarrassed.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   He held the reins tightly with both hands and suddenly turned around and shouted: "Bring me a long shield and a spear!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The guard behind him immediately handed his own to him.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   He reached out to take it, dismounted from his horse, waved it vigorously a few times, then raised his bayonet and shouted loudly: "Soldiers, follow me to kill the enemy!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   According to the "Dionia Military Law", the legion commander has a guard of 50 people, and the regional commander has a guard of 100 people.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   As a commander, Leotizides supposedly had a hundred-man guard, but he actually only had one legion under his command. In order to allow as many soldiers to participate in the battle as possible, he did not increase his guard establishment. These 50 The guards immediately responded to Leotizides's call.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   He picked up his shield and gun, and took the lead to start running forward. With every step he took, his body became more familiar with the shield and gun: yes, he was not just an army general, he was also an excellent one. A warrior, he is the only one in the Spartan royal family who has participated in the cruel Agog training since he was a child. He also amazed Dio at the time with his excellent skills in the Dionysian recruit training camp. Nia's senior team officer man!&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Just when he started to surge with enthusiasm, a war horse rushed out and blocked his way. Muklu shouted loudly on the horse: "Lord Proseus, you are the commander, please stay in your Command the entire army at your post, don&#226;&#128;&#153;t leave without permission!&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Leotizides looked at him coldly: "I can no longer command the entire army. The only thing I can do now is to join the battle and increase our hope of victory! Don't waste my time, get out of the way!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Lord Proseus!" Muklu remained motionless and spoke firmly: "It is clearly written on the first page of the Dionysian Military Law, 'Leaders must not be proud of victory, and must not be discouraged by failure. Don't be overwhelmed by anger, don't be weakened by sadness... Eliminate all external interference like a god, and analyze the battle situation calmly. This is the essential quality of a great general!'&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Lord Proseus, you are the Sicilian commander of the kingdom. Your responsibility is to protect the security of the entire Sicilian territory, and you should not be too concerned about losing one or two battles! You gave up your responsibilities. If the battle really fails, who will direct our soldiers to retreat safely? ! Who will minimize the casualties of soldiers? ! If the Eighth Army suffered heavy losses, would we still have the strength to defend Sicily? ! &#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Muklu's words were like a drum in the evening and a bell in the morning, leaving Leotizides stunned on the spot, his face uncertain...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After a moment, he silently handed the shield and gun back to the guards, then got on his horse and shook the reins.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The war horse, under his control, began to trot forward to the right.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Sir, are you trying to&#226;&#128;&#148;&#226;&#128;&#157; Muklu was startled, thinking that his advice had no effect.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "I'm going to take charge of the formation on the right wing. It's not certain who will win until the last minute." Leotizides finished speaking with a cold face, and galloped north on his horse.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Muklu was in a slightly relaxed mood and urged his horse to catch up.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
