<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 896 The Battle of Germain (3)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But now the real commander of this fleet is not Stefankas, but Sekerian on the Crow Warship at the forefront and center of the ship formation. He stands on the bow of the ship, looking resolutely forward, and the ships behind him Chang Zheng gave the order loudly: "Speed &#226;&#128;&#139;&#226;&#128;&#139;up! Keep going straight!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The lookout at the top of the mast also shouted loudly: "There are about 40 enemy ships ahead, arranging in double columns, and there are enemy ships coming one after another in the distance!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Hurry up and eat this wave first!&#226;&#128;&#157; Sekerian whispered, looking up at the drawbridge erected next to the foremast.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Phoenician warships that were hurriedly arrayed also quickly increased their speed, and the distance between the two sides was getting closer and closer.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Sekerian stared unblinkingly at the enemy ship speeding ahead. The Crow Warship sitting down maintained a high speed, but it was not a sprint speed, and rushed straight towards the bow of the opponent's ship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When the two ships were 30 meters apart, the enemy ship suddenly turned sideways and forward. Obviously the Phoenicians knew the power of the Dionian Crow warship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Seklian sneered, and the warship he was sitting on did not care about the Phoenician warship that was avoiding it, but continued to move forward.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Just when the Phoenician warship had just passed around Sekerian's ship, he suddenly saw the Dionian warship ahead like a swordfish, ramming towards the side of the warship at an extremely fast speed. .&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Phoenician warship had to turn again and narrowly escaped the danger of being hit, but when the two ships passed by each other: "Remove the oars!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Withdraw the pulp!&#226;&#128;&#157; Both sides ordered at the same time.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The sailors of the Dionian warship were well prepared, and the sailors of the Phoenician warship had just rowed hard, allowing the warship to avoid the crisis of being sunk. At this time, there was no time to react. The wood pulp was being hit by Dionysus. Under the fierce push of the Asian warship, it pressed against the ship's window and was broken directly with a "click".&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After the Dionian warship broke off the opponent's oar on one side, it ignored it and continued to sail forward.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   But while the crew of this Phoenician warship was still in shock, another Dionian warship came towards them. This was a crow warship, which took advantage of the Phoenician warship's lack of wooden oars and inconvenience in movement. On this occasion, the drawbridge was easily tied to its deck. The legion reserve soldiers carried on the ship were not those friendly soldiers. They followed the instructions and rushed across the drawbridge without fighting, slashing most of the Phoenician sailors. , under the leadership of the squad leader, he quickly returned to the warship and pulled up the suspension bridge...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The starry sky ship formation arranged by Sekerian is different from the previous ones. The traditional starry sky ship formation has crow warships arranged at intervals in the front row, and the fast triremes at the rear wait for the opportunity to jump in and capture the fighter planes. At this time, the ship formation was composed of crow warships and fast warships arranged at intervals. The purpose was to speed up the pace of the attack, seize the time, and save the besieged warships.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   In the center of the ship formation, Stefankas's ship was flying a bloody flag high, reminding the surrounding warships to fight to the death, while Sekerian's ship, which was sprinting at the front, encouraged the crew to move forward bravely.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The East Phoenician fleet succeeded in a sneak attack, but now is the first official battle against the Dionia fleet. Their traditional naval tactics are completely unable to adapt to the new set of naval warfare that Dionia has summarized after years of training. France, although they had more warships, the hastily formed battle formation could not withstand the attack of the highly motivated Dionian squadron. After fighting for a period of time, ten Phoenician warships were either captured or damaged, but the Dionysia squadron only paid the price of damaging four warships and destroyed the Phoenician warships in front of them. The ship array was completely defeated.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Phoenician warships saw that the situation was not good and retreated one after another.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Dionian fast warships did not catch up, because Sekerian had discussed it with them before the war. The current battle situation is that the enemy is outnumbered, and the warships cannot be dispersed. Otherwise, if they advance too much and break away from the large force, it will be easy Being surrounded, the warships of Dionia gradually returned to their positions while maintaining a relatively fast speed, and still maintained a complete formation.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Phoenician warships along the way got the news early and retreated westward, allowing some of the Dionysian warships hiding in Tibet to escape and join the ship formation one after another. It also made the Dionysian warships who had just experienced a battle The number of warships in the sub-squadron has increased instead of decreasing, reaching 45 ships.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Cough! Cough!..." Miltias coughed repeatedly, and the crewman next to him hurriedly lifted him up and patted his back to help him spit out the seawater smoothly.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;General Miltias, are you okay?!&#226;&#128;&#157; the crew asked with concern.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Miltias waved his hands, but did not want to speak. He faced the sea and stared blankly at the sea. There was no trace of his flagship there, and only a section of the top of the main mast was exposed to the sea, like a floating ship. Rotten branches. He led the flagship to deal with the enemy for a period of time, but in the end it was unable to escape the enemy's encirclement and suppression and was sunk. Fortunately, it was close to the beach, so they swam directly ashore.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Looking around the sea, there are several "rotten branches" like this, mainly near the coast, and further away, more warship wrecks are half-floating and half-sunken on the sea. Most of them They are all Dionian warships. Only a handful of warships seem to be floating on the sea intact, but they are completely uncontrolled floating with the sea water. They are the Phoenician warships that were killed by the crow warship.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Looking at the wreckage of the warships and the countless human heads floating on the sea, Miltias's heart seemed to be squeezed tightly by something, which made him heartbroken: the Sicilian Fleet...and his Fourth Fleet. ...It's all gone? &#226;&#128;&#166;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   He stood for a long time, letting the tide wash over his legs...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Most of the crew around him were like him, staring blankly at the sunken flagship in the sea. They couldn't let go of each other after spending so many years together.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Hey, are you from the Dionia fleet?!&#226;&#128;&#157; Someone came towards them.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Yes, we belong to the 4th Dionian Fleet, this is our -" a crew member next to Miltias said loudly, Miltias patted him hard on the shoulder and stopped him He went on to say that as the person in charge of this transportation operation, Miltias felt that he should bear an important responsibility for this fiasco, and was somewhat shameless.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Fortunately, he had just arrived in Sicily not long ago, and not many people knew him. The man just glanced at him, and then said to the crew member who answered: "There are still many crew members of your Fourth Fleet there."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Following the direction of his finger, Miltias saw that more than a thousand people had gathered on the beach to the east.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The man continued: "I am Friakas, the general commanding the reinforcements of Gela this time. This place is too close to the city of Selinus. In order to avoid being discovered by the Carthaginians, we cannot stay here for too long. We must go east as soon as possible, pass Germe, and reach the city of Minoa to ensure safety."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The crew member turned to look at Miltias, who nodded, and the crew member immediately said, "Okay, let's go there right away."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Friakas glanced at the depressed Miltias again. He had seen such a look on the faces of several Dionian captains who had swam ashore. After all, since the storm destroyed the Dionian fleet, this But the Dionian Navy once again suffered huge losses. The myth that the Dionian Navy has never failed since its establishment has ended. The blow to these naval generals is obviously a bit big. Friakas can understand this, But at the same time, there was also some worry in my heart: With the Dionia army and navy in Sicily suffering from difficulties, what else would Jela do?&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   He sighed in his heart, turned around and walked towards the main army.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The crew followed lazily, looking back at the sea from time to time. Someone suddenly said: "The enemy ships are no longer visible on the sea. Have they retreated?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Miltias almost stumbled and fell to the ground. He actually preferred to see the enemy ships still cruising on the sea, because it meant that the Sicilian fleet still had warships fighting. Now that all the enemy ships have left, could it be that the Sicilian fleet has all Destroy? !&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Miltias's face turned gloomy, and his heart became even more painful.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   At this time, there was a loud noise from the front: "Enemies! There are enemies!!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;The Carthaginians are coming! Run away!!&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#166;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The crew members were shocked when they saw many Numibian cavalry emerging from the woods to the north of the beach. They galloped down the gentle slope and rushed towards the large army gathered in front. Behind them, more fully armed cavalry appeared. Taiji infantry...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Since the last night attack, Mago has stepped up patrols on the coast from Selinus to Germe. Of course, the Sicilian fleet and the Phoenician fleet fighting on the sea near Germe will be discovered by Carthage scouts. After receiving the news, Mago immediately sent out a mixed cavalry army of 5,000 people, asking them to attack the Dionian crew and soldiers who had fled ashore because of the sinking of the ship, and at the same time to prevent the Minoans from coming out of the city for rescue.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Most of the Dionian crew members and friendly soldiers on the beach had no weapons and were inevitably panicked. When the Numibian cavalry rushed forward, the thrown javelins fell into the crowd. The splashing blood and shrill screams made people turn around and run away in panic.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The Numibian cavalry screamed wildly and took the opportunity to rush into the horse, which accelerated the disintegration of the Dionysian crew and friendly soldiers...&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "General, we must flee to the sea immediately to avoid the enemy's pursuit!" The flagship captain shouted to Miltias with a trembling voice.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "...You go." Miltias said with a dull expression, but he continued to move forward.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The captain of the flagship was so anxious that he grabbed him, shook him hard, and shouted in his ear urgently: "Miltias, the enemy is coming! We must escape!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "There are enemies everywhere. If you hide in the sea, you will eventually become a shameful prisoner... The 4th Fleet is gone... It's all my fault... I betrayed His Majesty's trust!..." Miltias said calmly There was endless regret in his words. He raised his head and looked forward: "...Only dying on the battlefield can reduce people's ridicule towards me... Only by reducing the senators' doubts about His Majesty!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Thanks to the UC Shock Department for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
