<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <body><div class="txtnav">&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Chapter 903 Latium&#226;&#128;&#153;s final battle&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Davos seemed to have remembered something, and turned to look at his son standing aside: "Crato, I will give you a task. Take a few staff officers to the camp of the reserve brigade, and teach the soldiers how to play rugby and football carefully, so that they can If I can play, I will ask Tormid to postpone the reserve team game as late as possible..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Yes, Your Majesty, I will teach them in the shortest possible time!&#226;&#128;&#157; After Clotokatax solemnly replied, he couldn&#226;&#128;&#153;t help but ask: &#226;&#128;&#156;Can I play with them in the game?&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;You have to ask your Uncle Matonis about that.&#226;&#128;&#157; Davos smiled and looked at Matonis again.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Facing the eager gaze of Crotokatax, Matonis chose to give in: "Of course...it's okay."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After the celebration that day in Rome, Sextus now certainly knew that Clotocatacus was the son of King Davos. This shows that Davos attached great importance to the Roman reserve team. Of course, he also valued Clotocata. A warm welcome to the team.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Your Majesty, we will not attack Satnicum for the time being, but what about Antium and Vilitre?&#226;&#128;&#157; Olivers reminded.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "For the time being, we will send cavalry to watch them as before, and we will discuss it after the rugby and football games." Davers said this, and he was already making plans in his heart. He was ready to turn the next attack target to Antiu. Mu, because there are not many defenders in the city and it is a port city. Capturing it will make it easier to transport military supplies and equipment by sea, and at the same time, it can put pressure on the Satnikum defenders.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Your Majesty, the Carthaginian army has landed in Sicily. This time is different from the last time. Our army in Sicily will face a huge threat. Should we end the war in Latium as soon as possible and rescue Sicily?!" Amin Tas was unwilling to give up, so his tone of voice was a little serious.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Davos looked at him and his expression became serious: "As I said just now, soldiers are just like us, they are made of flesh, not made of iron. They need proper rest and entertainment to relieve their depression and war weariness. Emotions. Go back and see how many new faces your First Legion has now compared to when they first arrived in Wolsey! Don&#226;&#128;&#153;t you feel a little guilty! Since you mentioned the threat of the Carthaginian army to Sicily, then We sacrificed countless soldiers' casualties and stormed Satnicum, which can indeed end the war in Latium as soon as possible, but leading such a half-broken army to face the Carthaginian army, do you think we can win?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Davos's voice was not loud, but everyone could feel the anger in his words. A cold wind seemed to blow into the tent, and almost everyone felt a chill in their hearts.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Amintas' face turned slightly red, but he did not dare to speak any more.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Seeing this, Davos smiled slightly, softened his tone, and said slowly: "Just because we don't attack Satnicum, it doesn't mean we will let it go. The camp must continue to advance toward the city and clear out the traps under it. , to tighten the encirclement; the ballistae must bombard the city wall every day and throw fireballs into the city; the siege fort must be built as soon as possible so that the light infantry can remotely attack the Roman soldiers at the head of the city... In short, let the Roman defenders always In a state of nervousness and exhaustion!&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When Davos said this, he suddenly looked at Sextus in the far corner and asked softly: "Sextus, before we attacked Satnicum, he once sent troops from the Capitoline... The Roman family members who came down from the mountains went to the city to persuade them to surrender, but why was the effect not so good?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Everyone's attention turned to the Roman general. Young Sextus did not feel nervous because of his origin. He said with a complicated expression: "I think this...may have something to do with Camillus. He He was highly respected by these noble Roman citizens and was an example for them to learn from. He sent back the family members given to him by Your Majesty under the city of Rome. There will definitely be some citizen soldiers in the city who learn from him. The Roman nobles protect their own clan. They would try their best to gain honor for the family, so in the past... surrendering to the enemy... would be regarded as a shame by them. Therefore, many people may learn from Camillus's approach. Others have other ideas in their minds. We will also follow suit for the time being...and then we attacked too quickly and the defenders in the city resisted with all their strength. Naturally, no one will quietly leave the city and surrender..."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Camillus was an amazing Roman! No matter what he did, he was irreproachable. He was also good at learning at such an old age. You can see that the defense facilities he deployed under the city were learned from us and made improvements. , but it caused us a lot of suffering! Unfortunately, according to the Tustron people, he has become a quadriplegic. It is said that it is a little difficult to even speak, and it seems that he will not live long..." Daves said with a sigh. With.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When the legion commanders heard this, they were more or less unconvinced, while Sextus' face naturally showed a bit of sadness.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Davos did not stay on this topic. He looked at Sextus and said: "It is early August, and the harvest season is about to come. Usually at this time, the food stocks in the homes of the people of Dionia are almost exhausted. , just waiting to harvest new grain, I think the Latins should be the same. Camillus led the army to retreat to Satnicum in a hurry. Even if there is a certain amount of grain reserves, I believe it will not be too much, and it will supply tens of thousands. I believe that these soldiers will not last long. If we let these family members go to the city every day to persuade them to surrender, do you think those Roman soldiers who are tired, hungry, and always nervous can still maintain the honor they admire?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Sextus thought about it seriously, and then answered frankly: "I think there are many people who can't do it."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Yes, it can't be done. Starvation is more painful than death." Davos raised his eyebrows slightly and said loudly: "As long as a small number of people choose to leave the city and surrender, it will affect the rest of Rome. The morale of the defenders will decline rapidly until they finally collapse... Sometimes killing with a soft knife is more effective than a head-on fight."&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Your Majesty is right. If we don't attack by force, it will be easier for us to capture Satnicum City, and we can also greatly reduce casualties!" Tormid immediately praised.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Several legion commanders also expressed their agreement one after another. Only Amyntas did not speak, feeling somewhat disapproving.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Davos saw it but didn't pay much attention. When he saw Martius walking into the tent, he asked: "What's the matter?"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Your Majesty, Commander Midorades has sent a messenger.&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Let him in.&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The messenger of the Third Fleet respectfully saluted King Daves and said excitedly: "Reporting to your Majesty, our 3rd Fleet captured Alenia in Corsica yesterday!"&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Everyone in the tent was surprised when they heard the news: you must know that Alenia is the largest city-state in Corsica, its city size is no smaller than Adi and Antium, and the third fleet only has 6,000 people. Infantry, and no heavy infantry, actually captured Alenia in such a short period of time? !&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;How did you capture Alenia?&#226;&#128;&#157; Daves asked curiously, and other generals also pricked up their ears.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   The messenger immediately recounted the entire process of conquering Alesia.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Being good at listening to the suggestions of his subordinates and implementing them seriously once the plan is formulated, Midorades did a great job!" Davos praised loudly: "It is necessary to formulate the most effective combat plan based on the situation of the enemy and ourselves, and It is not reckless, only in this way can we achieve victory with few casualties. From this point of view, Midorades is already an excellent commander! And the fleet infantry commander of the third fleet is called... &#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;My name is Myontides.&#226;&#128;&#157; Tormid immediately reminded in a low voice.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Maiontetus, well, I remembered it, he is also very good!" Davos praised seriously.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Several legion commanders also expressed congratulations on this victory, but their expressions were a bit complicated. After all, the navy successfully captured a city-state without the help of the infantry legion.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Amintas felt that what Davos said just now was a warning to him.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Your Majesty, Commander Midorades hopes to get your permission to go south to attack the Phoenician towns in Sardinia." The messenger saw that Davos was happy and immediately said while the iron was hot.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   "Go back and tell Midorades that I told him before that he can decide the target of the invasion based on his own situation." Davers was in a good mood and said with a smile: "Now he has captured Alenia. , has already established a foothold in the Tyrrhenian Sea. Of course, you can choose the target of attack according to your own situation, but if you go back and tell him, just like capturing Alenia, continue to use your brains to reduce soldier casualties. "&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#156;Your Majesty, I remember.&#226;&#128;&#157;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   After the messenger left, Davos looked around at everyone and said energetically: "Everyone, Alexis has captured Cavutim and Beneventum. The tribes have surrendered to us one after another. The Karacheni and Penteni people have retreated into the mountains and are unable to fight back. The war in Samnai is coming to an end.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Here in Latium, almost all the Latin city-states have surrendered, and the surrounding forces have also expressed their friendship to us. Asistes has governed Rome well and has maintained stability. When the autumn harvest comes, the Roman people will benefit again. , support for Dionia will be further deepened, and the food supply for the entire kingdom's army will be greatly improved.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Just now, the 3rd Fleet sent another good news. The Carthaginian forces in Corsica have been eliminated, and they will also march into Sardinia... Now, the war in Dionia north of Lijim has stabilized. , every battlefield either holds great advantages or is about to end.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   When the entire war situation is in our favor, the Carthaginian army actually landed in Sicily again. In my opinion, it is not a bad thing, but a good thing. The Sicilian fleet occupies the maritime advantage. Plesius and Sipulus are both very capable. They can resist the Carthaginian attack for a period of time, hold back the Carthaginian army and wear down their energy. , wait until we end the war in Rome, then gather the army and rush to Sicily to annihilate the Carthaginian army! By that time, I don't believe that Carthage will still have the ability to send another huge army! "&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   Davos&#226;&#128;&#153;s words greatly excited the generals.&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   &#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#226;&#128;&#166;&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   On the third day when Leotizides led his army to Gela, he prepared to leave the city to meet the enemy. He didn't even have time to wait for Pacinus' reinforcements to arrive. Why was he in such a hurry?&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
 <br/>&#13;
 <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
  <font style="vertical-align: inherit;">&#13;
   (End of this chapter)&#13;
  </font>&#13;
 </font>&#13;
</div>&#13;
</body>
</html>
